hey what's happening folks text born on
one here and I'm finally bringing you
guys give away results video took me
forever to get out for you guys this
weekend with hectic since my internet
scrappy and all the stuff drop don't
like a new one can make videos not gonna
upload them right away so and along with
that a lot of visitors such as family
coming down so finally get out to you
guys and to make it up two guys I
decided to go ahead and release and I
release but give away a lot more cards
and giving away set of three originally
i'm giving away that I'm is this one two
three four five six seven eight cards
never jokes are some good ones there was
three good ones in particular or four
actually that I liked a lot it and
everything else as bad as we got to get
step your game up for the next one and
since I pulled the to start camera
giving away to hear the hero audition
cam and along with the only these
cornerbacks because important collection
drops sunday and i pulled I got the I
got the Sherman like i wanted i got the
Woodson that I wanted and then I got
really a good car i'm not going to spoil
it right now cuz the videos hasn't gone
up yet but he follow me on twitter you
know what car i'm talking about so i'm
going to give away these cars you offer
about 20k on the auction block not much
but instead of selling it for 20k i
decided to give you two some people who
fund like to follow my channel a lot and
i can recognize their names healthy not
as well but the winner of the wide
receiver car toward the Calvin Johnson
card is Dion Lewis and his joke was
really really funny it made me laugh and
I should say it right now but I didn't
write them down and I don't want to go
back and start with me over since I'm
already a minute and a half into it but
yeah dion lewis won the fourth the
three-star Calvin Johnson the winner of
the AJ Green is s cast hit 99 he had
those Sally jokes and he was the first
one to have it cuz a lot of people were
doing some jokes as well but he was the
first 1i seen had the salad joke so he
wouldn't that card and the Wonder Victor
Cruz is Alan 4756 and as you guys
already know you see another two star
fantasy week three Calvin Johnson right
here I decided to get this way to a mic
Winfield he had a funny joke it went
something along the lines of
professional comedians have told me
actually I can use this joke but at the
moment
mentally ready to start telling it and
it's funny cuz a derrick rose joke was
to play on words to Derek Derek rolls
clear to play in the NBA the place in
full-contact basketball but he decided
that he's not mentally ready to play
doctor place I joke was really funny to
me it's not funny some people I should I
just told a joke too but I find it funny
so he went is this Calvin Johnson card
wonder the cam newton is clinton
reckless gaming and if you guys don't
know about the guild i'm doing this camp
doing i actually didn't advertise it i
just i pulled the two star and i gave
away the one star in that video so watch
them all my videos you guys will be
caught up on what I'm doing it swells
that it just watching these giveaways
cuz it's not the only chance you can't
win cards with this so then we got the
cornerbacks they take their good
rodgers-cromartie plays really well i
love them i team 99 speed under agility
tackling this week but it's a really
good card and so is the Kumari just guys
is it they're not get playing time with
the corner back and core I have right
now so the winner of these cards and I'm
gonna this is based off I see a lot jack
Philippine he's going to be the winner
of the other Antonio Cromartie and then
the two winners of the Dominique
rodgers-cromartie are Johnny me and
Denny hossain so just call your gamertag
in the in the comment section below i'll
go ahead and give all you guys a doll
you and get you your cards either
sometime this week and we will do some
more giveaways later on down the line a
lot of good cards coming out a lot of
these golden tickets that's something we
want to get some might be able to get
somewhere no I know uh what's his name
Jacoby Jones doing like 50k so not too
bad they're my maybe a couple of em down
the future so let me know if you guys
want to see an upcoming giveaway videos
and I think you got so much and getting
me up to fifty hundred subscribers I'd
be a 1600 pretty soon hopefully 2000 by
the middle of the summer so thank you
guys so much i'm outta this mother bleep
with signing out and I catch you on the
flip side peace